README.md, before:

# Employee Tracker

## Description

This terminal application was built in order to easily add and edit employees, employee roles, and departments for a compnay using a MySql Database

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#Installation)
- [Usage](#Usage)
- [License](#License)
- [Contributing](#Contributing)
- [Tests](#Tests)
- [Questions](#Questions)

## Installation

In order to run the program, you'll first have to fork the repo. In the terminal, to install all dependencies, you'll run

    npm install

## Usage

While in the project's root folder, in the terminal, you'll type

    npm start

and you'll be prompted with a series of questions for user input.

## License

None

## Contributing

Part of this was built in collaboration with [Maria Nevarez](https://github.com/mnevarez01/)

## Badges

![badges](https://img.shields.io/badge/Language-JavaScript-red)

![badges](https://img.shields.io/badge/Environment-Node-yellow)

![badges](https://img.shields.io/badge/Database-MySQL-green)

## Tests

none

## Questions

If you have any questions, reach out to me through my [Github](www.github.com/levickane) .

Commit message:

added video walk through to the readme file

README.md, after:

# Employee Tracker

## Description

This terminal application was built in order to easily add and edit employees, employee roles, and departments for a compnay using a MySql Database. A through video of how the application works can be viewed here: [Walk Through Video](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1cIi8k1RvhDjIET1T5_LUxtjmIn-OzIoi/view)

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#Installation)
- [Usage](#Usage)
- [License](#License)
- [Contributing](#Contributing)
- [Tests](#Tests)
- [Questions](#Questions)

## Installation

In order to run the program, you'll first have to fork the repo. In the terminal, to install all dependencies, you'll run

    npm install

## Usage

While in the project's root folder, in the terminal, you'll type

    npm start

and you'll be prompted with a series of questions for user input.

## License

None

## Contributing

Part of this was built in collaboration with [Maria Nevarez](https://github.com/mnevarez01/)

## Badges

![badges](https://img.shields.io/badge/Language-JavaScript-red)

![badges](https://img.shields.io/badge/Environment-Node-yellow)

![badges](https://img.shields.io/badge/Database-MySQL-green)

## Tests

none

## Questions

If you have any questions, reach out to me through my [Github](www.github.com/levickane) .
